README.md, before:

<a id="readme-top"></a>

<!-- PROJECT NAME -->

  <h3 align="center">react-admin-panel</h3>
<br />

  <p align="center">
    React Admin Panel is a management tool that enables managing, adding, deleting, and modifying users!
    <br />
    <br />
    <br />

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

To install the latest version of npm.

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

To check the current version of npm.

- npm
  ```sh
  npm -v
  ```

### Installation

_To set up this project, follow this short step-by-step guide._

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ihorchciv/react-admin-panel.git
   ```
2. Go to the project folder
   ```sh
   cd react-admin-panel
   ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. To start the project, execute
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```
5. Change Git remote url to avoid accidental pushes to base project
   ```sh
   git remote set-url origin https://github_username/repo_name
   git remote -v # confirm the changes
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [x] Add a log-out functionality
- [ ] Sync with local storage
- [ ] Perform form data validation when creating a new user
- [ ] Create a search field and filter the array of users by name accordingly
- [ ] Add a more user-friendly dark mode
- [ ] Multi-language Support
  - [ ] German
  - [ ] Spanish

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Ihor Chernyakhovskyy - ihorchciv@gmail.com

Project Link: [https://github.com/ihorchciv/react-admin-panel.git](https://github.com/ihorchciv/react-admin-panel.git)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

added linkedin url to REDME.md

README.md, after:

<a id="readme-top"></a>

<!-- PROJECT NAME -->

  <h3 align="center">react-admin-panel</h3>
<br />

  <p align="center">
    React Admin Panel is a management tool that enables managing, adding, deleting, and modifying users!
    <br />
    <br />
    <br />

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps.

### Prerequisites

To install the latest version of npm.

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

To check the current version of npm.

- npm
  ```sh
  npm -v
  ```

### Installation

_To set up this project, follow this short step-by-step guide._

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ihorchciv/react-admin-panel.git
   ```
2. Go to the project folder
   ```sh
   cd react-admin-panel
   ```
3. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
4. To start the project, execute
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```
5. Change Git remote url to avoid accidental pushes to base project
   ```sh
   git remote set-url origin https://github_username/repo_name
   git remote -v # confirm the changes
   ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [x] Add a log-out functionality
- [ ] Sync with local storage
- [ ] Perform form data validation when creating a new user
- [ ] Create a search field and filter the array of users by name accordingly
- [ ] Add a more user-friendly dark mode
- [ ] Multi-language Support
  - [ ] German
  - [ ] Spanish

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request.

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Ihor Chernyakhovskyy - ihorchciv@gmail.com

LinkedIn: [www.linkedin.com/in/ihor-chernyakhovskyy-9659b525a](www.linkedin.com/in/ihor-chernyakhovskyy-9659b525a)

Project Link: [https://github.com/ihorchciv/react-admin-panel.git](https://github.com/ihorchciv/react-admin-panel.git)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
